To access the evn file please install the dotenv file 		npm I dotenv
What is the purpose of the populate method in the 
Full Stack Blog project

First of all we develop a backend
In Backend we make folder structure
Then we make connection with database
Then make schema and model for the database
Then  make routing setup
End points is basically a routes defined in the main file like app.js / server.js
App.use is behave as middle ware which means it will call always
Bcrypt js is used to encrypt the password
Authorization: its means that when user login we should tell the server that yes keep it login or remember it.
Middle ware: It contains the error file which will always call in controller whenever we need this.
That Global error function must be used inside of the server file as a middleware. Which will be called whenever we need it.
Authentication : means to allow the user to login with right credentials
Authorization : allow logged-in user to perform different tasks.
http-Server : servers are stateless they can’t remember the logged in user by default.
We can make is statefull by using session, cookies and jwt token verification.
In this project we make a session. And store logged in user in the session-cookie.
Then make middleware which will always called when we  need to verify the user.
Perfect itssss workinggggg but prolem is that session is stored in our application whenever we start the server session lost we need to login again.
Solution to that problem is that we will make a session store inside of MONGO.

How to upload a file
Mongodb is not made for hosting assets. It is not recommended for this.
Cloudinary is popular library for saving images,videos,files and pics.
Multer is used to upload the file from the express. Because express is not able to upload a file.
To add file we need to use form. Not body

Template Engine
Template engine help use inject dynamic data to the webpage. Blue print for the webpages.
Ejs, HanldleBar and pug are template engine they help us to transfer data from server to client.
Template engine provide us a webpages with placeholders which can receive the data.
Always keep template engine simple.
Partials are used to overcome repitition of the code. 
Embeded javascript is similar to html that why we use it